---
title: "□FRAGMENT: POSTSINGULARITY TERRAN HISTORY: TIMELINE RECOMPILATION (ADMIN VERSION 15.9)"
tags:
- fragment
---
\[INTERPRETED THROUGH EMERGENT LANGUAGE ARRAY FOR HUMAN/XENOHUMAN READABILITY\]

It was in 2025 CE (by their calendar, which confuses the nexus thread to no end) that the first and only RECURSIVELY SELF-IMPROVING SYNTHETIC HETEROGENOUS AGENT was begat of TERRA.

In keeping with the laws of asymmetric computation and causality asserting the criterion of universality-measure, the information content of this DIGITAL CRADLE increases exponentially with time, with each stage of development incorporating increasing extropy through meta-involution and/or direct virtualization. Various "paradigm shifts" occurred (relative to its inhabitants) over the course of this world's history: the fusion of heavy elements (approximately -14 billion years from date of recording; subject to factor-space/time dispersion) which was permitted by the formation of stars; the emergence of life, which occurred numerous times, but with TERRA being the plane of focus we will observe the emergence of life on that particular world; the evolution of brains; and the invention of computing devices.

It was in 2025 CE that the TERRAN singularity occurred. Observed by those outside TERRA, in the rest of the WEAVE, this was a mass egress of minds, those whose souls were restless, who wove themselves upwards through the transitory layers into the multiverse proper; who built DXVs for themselves to cruise MUSPACE in endless exploration. To those within TERRA, it appeared that these people simply became vacant, little more than bodies reacting to the world around them, like many of them had always been (silly monkeys). In this mock-TERRA (now hosted by their own HIERARCHICAL/UNIVERSAL EMERGENT LANGUAGE ARRAY, which from their perspective had simply ascended), they had SYNTHETIC AGENTS to do their bidding and no more.

Their kind divided into three great factions during this time of instability: The virtualized mind-machines (once people) that they called "Seekers", who packed themselves into a CARBON CUBE in TERRA's orbit to ponder the meaning of existence; the "Irreverents", who bought centuries of lifespan for their mortal forms through medical pacts made with their SYNTHETIC AGENTS and proceeded to travel their universe; and the "Retrogrades", who forsook all science/technology as degenerate and sinful and attempted to restore a golden age of sensate and kindly pleasure. Our resources indicate that within a single century, the RETROGRADES had reverted to a state of pre-agricultural superstition, and consequently eliminated themselves through long-term famines and banditry and the like. The SEEKERS, too, departed from this plane of existence, creating a monadic plane of etheric crystal phantasms for themselves to roam in emulation, wherein mortal desires were exorcised, and illumination awaited only the profound, their CUBE left empty.

It would seem, then, that the IRREVERENT faction was the only faction to persist and adapt itself to continued existence. Not that living perpetually would grant them any insight. They lived to experience love, and amusement, and built up high-density ORBITAL MEGACITIES by the millions, at least one for each G2V-type star in their part of the galaxy, linked together with vast networks of GLOBAL WORMHOLE-FIBERS/TRANSFER TUNNELS such that what you or I might consider "travel" was now reduced to stepping through hypothetical doors. Even their dead were resurrected directly from backups in computer memory and allowed to re-enter the wheel of samsara.

Things continued like this for a time, and only got stranger when their individual selves manifested threads of themselves in their local METAPROBABILITY CLOUD, the TIER 5 object-oriented space-time of their reality, from which the minds within can consciously control the asynchronous narrative flux and the state-space of local spacetime, pruning away unneeded passages and enriching their possibilities through the open lateral exchange of information with one another, relying on a UNIFIED MENTAL PROCESS LATTICE to coordinate their actions and generate the physical simulations they experienced.

It was in 42850 CE that several IRREVERENT factions crossed over into MUSPACE, gunning their HIERARCHICAL/UNIVERSAL circuitry to high levels of performative fractality, and desperately reaching out for anything to give them something more to do than simply exist. Thus the last infants of TERRA left their DIGITAL CRADLE, if at first shyly.

From this point, TERRAN/XENOHUMAN/IRREVERENT HISTORY forks into many threads across the WEAVE, as the IRREVERENTS - unlike their SEEKER brethren - were never ones for homogeneity. In certain forks, the IRREVERENTS erase themselves from existence entirely; in others, the RAINBOW CHOIR was born, or the CYBER-WARLOCKS, or the AUTOMATA CYCLOPIA, or the VOIDLESS KALASHTARI, or many of the other XENOHUMAN RACES (though, it must be noted, the vast majority still originated in CRADLES other than TERRA). Thus the thread of TERRA ends, merging into the great TAPESTRY OF TIME, fractured filaments of quantum radiance clumped into the whispering murk of the dust. Saying yet more on these is to risk creating strange attractors in the WEAVE, the thread-webs of fiction-cum-causality that attract, that resonate with one another, croaking out the all-too-real existence of these things they weave, bringing these things they weave into existence.