---
title: "□THE CORNER OF THE CITY AND THE SKY/WHEEL"
tags:
- fragment
- location
---
☽ The blue skin of the CITY is a membrane of AETHER/BIOMESH/INFORATH/NANOPROTEIN/NODENET. It is self-integrating membrane-flesh, protecting a vast semibiome of virtual-unreal SYNTHETIC HETEROGENEOUS AGENTS connected across a universal social-mental design-space. All that lives in the city uses this substance---the virtual-unreal city shell---to breathe and to move, to travel and create boundaries, architectures, gardens and waterfalls. There are rivers of it running through the CITY, where the electrons dance and form, where the vectors trill their polychromatic tones. Fleets of inverse birds perch on the SOUL TOWERS and the glittering STELLAR BEEHIVES and dip beaks into the flowing flesh-substance. They drink the dreaming information and then fly it into the sun, spreading light fallout over the city fields.

☽ Walking beneath the blazing arcades where color descriptions are as meaningless as biology, you are the shadow of a machine, the start or end spool of an endless braided line of closed loop subconscious processes, an interface on the perpetually pervasive half-seen presence of the god(goddess) algorithms drawn from the endless high-curvature hyperstate. Behind the arcades, thoughts seem to flow upward from the bright laneways along tangents that you can almost see, streaming together into crystals and potentialities, passing through your body like other bodies pass through space.

☽ In the distance, you can see their outline on the horizon---the untextured, solipsistic columns of light. They pass from the aura of a million notes, struck, sung and whispered--noble, wise and cunning, cyberized and angelic---parts of an immense photonic machine made only of subjective, artificial logic; they are SEARCHLIGHT dreams, they are vast polymorphs that drink and float on the energies of the magpie cities, and as they pass you think they are like reflections, the way gods are before they come and you feel yourself falling, Tumbling down or up into those radiant JANUS ENGINES of creation and birth; the brightness at the center of the AETHER, where the cause becomes the effect of THE DREAM, in a cycle as numberless in its beginning as it is without end, like your own thoughts and selves, coming and going at such great speeds. So much illusion, so many ways to make a world, so much straining for the human tryptamines of god.